Please follow this setup steps for proper functioning.

#Prerequisites:
---------------
1. Python 3.5 should be installed and path should be present in the PATH environment variable.
2. Python should have "beautifulsoup4" library installed.
2. Sublime Text 3 editor should be installed.

#Setting up the Sublime editor:
-------------------------------
1. Go to Tools -> Build System -> New Build System.

2. Open Testrunner.sublime-build and copy that file in this file. Save this file with any name
   that you want to give to your build system.

3. Go to Tools -> Build System and select the newly created build system.

4. Go to View -> Groups -> New group. Repeat this process until you see 4 different sections.
   
   a. First section is for writing your code. All of the codes should be stored in "codes" subfolder inside Testrunner folder. 

   b. Open "files/Contest.txt" file in second section. First line of this file denotes the name of platform - "Codechef, Codeforces, Hackerearth, Hackerrank". Do not remove "<-- -->" pattern and name of platform should be exactly as mentioned above. Second line will be the name of the folder in which you have to store your code(Contest name is mostly preferable here). Third line will have the name of your code(including the extension ".cpp" or ".java").

   c. Open "pathToFolder.txt" and enter the respective paths where you want your code stored. 

   d. Open "files/CustomTest.txt" and "files/Input.txt" files in third section. As the name suggest, here custom tests are given to the program. Input.txt file will only take input and while CustomTest.txt will require both input and output.

   e. Open "files/Console.txt" in fourth section. Here, you will find the status of your code.

 #Running the Program:
 ---------------------
 Focus on the first section(where your code is) and press Ctrl+Shift+B. You will see 4 different modes of running the program.

 	a. [Run Code] - This mode will compile and run your current code, compare with the tests provided in the "CustomTest" and show the results in "Console.txt". You will notice that "CustomTest" will be cleared that doesn't mean you have to give that particular test again. Instead that test is stored.

 	b. [Parse test] - This mode parses all the sample tests of the contest name provided in the 2nd line of the "Contest.txt" and stores it. This test will be used whenever the respective code is ran.     (This is mode is available for Codeforces only for now)

 	c. [Debug Mode] - Specially for debugging. Takes input from the "Input.txt", runs the code and shows the output in Sublime console.

 	d. [Random Test] - Generates the random test by running "filegen/RandomTest.cpp" file which can be seen in "Input.txt" and then, runs the code in Debug Mode. Note that, after you make any changes to your code, you should first run it on Debug mode and then run on RandomTest mode.
